Let’s say you are building a mobile app for your field service employees.  Part of their job is to survey assets and create defect tickets. The app will help them keep track of their upcoming work items, and log asset survey results and defects in the field. 
Since your employees have crammed schedules & lots of details to log, you are looking for ways to save them time. One cool idea you have is to enable them to record a voice memo instead of typing up notes, and still enable supervisors to read the notes as text. You decide to leverage the IBM Watson Speech to Text service for this purpose.
You also think you could help them save them the effort of having to type in long serial numbers and manufacturer/brand names of equipment using the Watson Vision text extraction API. All they would have to do is take a picture of the equipment label, and Watson would extract the serial number and info from the image and convert to text.
You are really excited to get started using the Watson APIs, but you realize that you also have to figure out how to control access to those APIs, since you are paying for using them.  You decide to leverage MobileFirst Foundation for its Enterprise grade mobile security features. 
With MobileFirst Foundation you can call Watson APIs from MobileFirst Adapters (server side connectors that help you transfer & receive information between client apps & backend systems or clod services, as well as perform any necessary server side logic) rather than directly from the mobile clients. That way you can store service credentials server side, so that it’s harder for hackers to steal them. Another benefit is that if service credentials change, you don’t have to republish you app, and get your employees to update to the new version.
With MobileFirst Foundation Security framework, you can secure access to the Watson APIs, as well as all your Enterprise APIs that will be called from the app. You can easily add OAUTH based user authentication to you app as well as block access from apps that have been tampered with, or devices that shouldn’t have access. 

Through this example, you will learn how to leverage the MobileFirst Security framework & Adapter framework with Watson Coginitive Services. This example mocks an enterprise system of record with Cloudant, a noSQL Database available as a service on Bluemix, and also covers how MobileFirst Foundation Adapters are used to communicate with Cloudant.
